#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.4.1
    # via streamlit
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   openai
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via langfuse
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
faiss-cpu==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.27.0
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.6.1
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.2.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-experimental==0.0.65
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.1.23
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-postgres==0.0.12
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.4
    # via langchain
langfuse==2.52.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph==0.2.19
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==1.0.12
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.1.111
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==1.6.0
    # via altair
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pgvector
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
openai==1.53.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   ipykernel
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.0.3
    # via streamlit
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pgvector==0.2.5
    # via langchain-postgres
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via streamlit
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
psycopg==3.2.3
    # via langchain-postgres
psycopg-pool==3.2.3
    # via langchain-postgres
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via streamlit
pydantic==1.10.18
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pywin32==308
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
rich==13.8.0
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.38.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via langchain-openai
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.66.6
    # via openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   ipython
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   psycopg
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
watchdog==4.0.2
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via langfuse
yarl==1.9.7
    # via aiohttp
